With battlezone maker you can design your own battlezones RIGHT IN GAME - No need to worry about some position
in an array being inaccurate or anything like that. This note explains the whole process in detail.

First of all, you have to place both obj_battlezone and obj_battlezone_trigger into the room before
launching the project. It can be empty.

If a battlezone already contains an array of enemies, you can add " _clear = true; " into its creation code to temporarily clear the battlezone object.

Before colliding with the battlezone in-game, press ALT+B. This will activate battlezone maker.
It's also recommended to use the HITBOX VIEW (ALT+Q) while in this mode. This allows you to notice if
the spawned enemies clip into walls.

Once the maker has been activated and the player is in a battlezone, instructions on what to do will
appear on the left size of the screen.

Pressing + or - (on the numpad) will add or remove waves correspondingly. The maker automatically adds a new wave once
all the enemies have been defeated. Removing an already existing wave will despawn spawned enemies on that wave.

Placing and removing enemies onto the screen is done with the mouse buttons. Clicking on a placed enemy will
allow you to drag them around. The default position is the CENTER position. To change that press any of the arrow
keys, which will lock the dragged enemy onto a corresponding side of the battlezone. Pressing backspace reverts them
to their default center orientation.

Using the middle scroll will alternate through placed enemy's colors.

Once done with the wave, you can either log the whole thing into GameMaker's console (SHIFT), or activate all
the spawned enemies (ENTER).

When done with battlezone maker, copy the logged array into the empty battlezone placed earlier.
The game might generate empty arrays, but they should NOT crash the game. If they bother you, you can
remove them from the code.

Here's the full list of parameters that can be added onto a battlezone badhead:

[dir, position, order, object, do fade, spawn type]
First three are generated by the maker:
dir - Direction of the badhead
position - Position. Depends on the side. A single number unless dir is "c" - Then it's an array of two numbers
order - 0 (default). This is how many badheads are required to be defeated before this specific one spawns into the battlezone.
object - codename of an object. [codename, alt] - Spawn recolored badhead (accepted alts range from -1 to 1)
	if you want to specify a projectile, use [codename, "obj", alt]

do fade - true or false. Fade badhead from black once it spawns in.
spawn type = 0 (default) or 1. If 1 - badhead does the Toxic Shack spawn animation.

Spawning (BG & FG) effects:
	["", delay, order, [object,"fx","<_spawndir>",altnum]]
	the first argument (dir) doesn't matter when spawning effects.
	delay - how much time passes before the effect appears on screen.
	order - spawn effect only after a specific amount of badheads perished.
	object - object to spawn.
	"fx" - indication that this is an effect.
	"<_spawndir>" - direction. "l", "r", "u", "d", "c".
	altnum - alt (if this is an enemy)